OSDOCS-4524: Last minute clean up to 4.12 RNs (#54621)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

The `HostedCluster` and `NodePool` API resources are available in the beta version of the API and follow a similar policy to xref:../rest_api/understanding-api-support-tiers.adoc[{product-title}] and link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/[Kubernetes].

[id="ocp-4-12-rhv"]
=== Red Hat Virtualization (RHV)

This release provides several updates to Red Hat Virtualization (RHV). With this release

> 

Reviewer: extra space

* Previously, incomplete YAML was not synced was occasionally displayed to users. With this update, synced YAML always displays. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2084453[*BZ#2084453*])

* Previously, when installing an Operator that required a custom resource (CR) to be created for use, the *Create resource* button could fail to install the CR because it was pointing to the incorrect namespace. With this update, the *Create resource* button works as expected. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2094502[*BZ#2094502*])

> * Previously, the *Cluster update* modal was not displaying errors properly. As a result, the *Cluster update* modal did not display or explain errors when they occurred. With this update, the *Cluster update* modal was updated to correctly display errors. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096350[*BZ#2096350*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the *Cluster update* modal was not displaying errors properly. As a result, the *Cluster update* modal did not display or explain errors when they occurred. With this update, the *Cluster update* modal correctly display errors. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2096350[*BZ#2096350*])
```

* Previously, the File Integrity Operator did not properly handle modifying alerts during an upgrade. As a result, alerts did not include the namespace in which the Operator was installed. With this release, the Operator includes the namespace it was installed into in the alert, making it easier to narrow down what component needs attention. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2112394[*BZ#2112394*])

> * Previously, service account ownership for the File Integrity Operator regressed due to underlying OLM updates, and updates from 0.1.24 to 0.1.29 were broken. With this update, the Operator should default to upgrading to 0.1.30. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2109153[*BZ#2109153*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, service account ownership for the File Integrity Operator regressed due to underlying OLM updates, and updates from 0.1.24 to 0.1.29 were broken. With this update, the Operator defaults to upgrading to 0.1.30. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2109153[*BZ#2109153*])
```

Reviewer: Not sure if that can "should" can be omitted or not. Trying to be more direct.
